<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
  <head>
    <title> Meeting Minutes
    </title>
  </head>
 <body bgcolor="660000"
    alink = "black"
    link = "red"
    vlink = "#333366">
    
    <font color = "white",
      face = "Comic Sans MS">
<p>
General Meeting
3/18/05

- Called to order at 4:05<BR>
- Reviewed notes from executive meeting<p>
	- Will become an organization<p>
	- Discussed prodedures for becoming organization<p>
	- Six steps to becoming an organization<p>
		- letter of intent<p>
		- Application<p>
		- Hazing Compliance<p>
		- 50 full time students to sign petition<p>
		- Paragraph description of organization to use in 
publications<p>
		- Constitution<br>
- Constitution will be revised as needed to comply with requirements, and 
represented to the group<br>
- Amanda is in Budapest, so Kerri will serve as acting president<p>
	- Funding Options<p>
		- Fundraising<p>
		- SOAP<p>
		- Student Speakers Fund<br>
	- Rules about being in the "pre-organization" stage- no speakers, 
fewer meetings<p>
	- WICS website- one more person can have access<p>
		- Diane will have access in order to serve as backup 
webmaster<br>
	- Will have 2 big activities a year<p>
	- Possible to get approval as early as mid- to late- A term of 
next year<br>
- Alma (possible speaker from Google)<p>
	- From California<p>
	- We will have to pay for her expenses<p>
	- Possibly pick a date in September or October<p>
	- Could be a Colloquium speaker<br>
- She might be coming as a Google recruiter, maybe work with CDC to help 
defray costs<p>
- Natasha will talk to CDC<p>
- Diane will talk to CS department<p>
- Logo Design<p>
	- Kerri will print out logos from other organizations<br>
- Natasha talked about the conference she went to <p>
	- Might have more contacts that are more local that would be 
willing to come talk<br>
- Budget<p>
	- Millie will talk with BSU<br>
- Need to encourage attendance<p>
- Kerri will finish off revising the constitution<p>
- Kerri and Natasha will work on signatures<p>
- Campus wide discussion on why we should or should not exist<p>
	- April 4th at 6:00<p>
	- Refreshments (homemade cookies), soda<p>
	- Third floor of Fuller lounge<br>
- Next meeing Tuesday April 5th at Noon<p>
	- Millie will get Subway<p>
    </font>
 </body>
</html>
